Add documentation for reload_searchIanalyzer api (#1339)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _opensearch/rest-api/reload-search-analyzer.md

---
layout: default
title: Reload search analyzer
parent: REST API reference
nav_order: 83
---

# Reload search analyzer

> The reload search analyzer API operation will pick up any changes to [synonym](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/opensearch/ux/) files for any [search analyzers](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/im-plugin/refresh-analyzer/index/) configured. The reload search analyzer request will need to be run on all nodes. Additionally, the synonym token filter must be set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reload search analyzer API operation picks up any changes to [synonym](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/opensearch/ux/) files for any configured [search analyzers](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/im-plugin/refresh-analyzer/index/). The reload search analyzer request needs to be run on all nodes. Additionally, the synonym token filter must be set to `true`.
```

Author: will do :)

## Path and HTTP methods

```
POST /<index>/_reload_search_analyzers
GET /<index>/_reload_search_analyzers
```

> ## Request body parameters

Reviewer 2: Could we name this section "request body fields" to match our API style guide?

Request body parameters are optional.

Field Type | Data Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
[`allow_no_indices`](#allow_no_indices) | boolean | When set to `false`, an error is returned for indicies that are closed or missing that match any wildcard expression. Default is set to `true`.
[`expand_wildcards`](#expand_wildcards) | string | Allows you to set the wildcards that can be matched to a type of index. Available options are `open`, `closed`, `all`, `none`, and `hidden`. Default is set to `open`.
[`ignore_unavailable`](#ignore_unavailable) | boolean | If an index is closed or missing, an error is returned when ignore_unavailable is set to `false`. Default is set to `false`.

## Examples

> Request:

Reviewer 2: Could we add a sentence to separate the headings "examples" and "request". Also, could we make the heading "sample request" and make it a h4 (####). Same comment for the response.

## Path and HTTP methods

```
POST /<index>/_reload_search_analyzers
GET /<index>/_reload_search_analyzers
```

## Request body fields

Request body parameters are optional.

Field Type | Data Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
[`allow_no_indices`](#allow_no_indices) | boolean | When set to `false`, an error is returned for indicies that are closed or missing that match any wildcard expression. Default is set to `true`.
[`expand_wildcards`](#expand_wildcards) | string | Allows you to set the wildcards that can be matched to a type of index. Available options are `open`, `closed`, `all`, `none`, and `hidden`. Default is set to `open`.
[`ignore_unavailable`](#ignore_unavailable) | boolean | If an index is closed or missing, an error is returned when ignore_unavailable is set to `false`. Default is set to `false`.

## Examples

> Example request and response.

Reviewer 3: Please make this a complete sentence. Something like "The following are an example request and response" is fine.

#### Sample request:

````json
POST /shakespeare/_reload_search_analyzers
````
 

> #### Sample response body:

Reviewer 3: Remove the colon. I don't normally see "body" included in this heading. Please confirm whether it should just be "Sample response".
